So in previous scenario, I created this class, which is an IT monitoring Java or Java project program
and I said all the things here.
Let me tell you why I changed this previous part.
I haven't specified this much more, but the thing is, our arguments in these string arguments which
are going to we are going to use the command line very clear.
It's not integer, it's always string, but we are considered into our port.
So for the utilize that part, I'm mentioning this as a integer and I'm assigning to the port.
If you are using string, it will not accept.
So for that purpose I change it to the integer value of that and it's acceptable to put like this in
arguments.
So I created one text connect.
So task which is time task basically.
And it's going to run here, public word run which is you can check your.
Just ask me run meter and I'm going to use all the things.
So now what I'm going to perform here is.
Right.
So inside this.
Let me put your catch on.
So with exception E if you know this part.
Let me.
System of.
Oh.
Got it.
So let me bring this up.
Now, we are going to go with tie in here.
So I'm going to create your own socket.
Socket as is equal to new socket.
So soccer is nothing but as like our what we can say over an electrical socket.
We need to put our Java program or network or we are going to.
We just want to connect our Java program to the network.
So for that purpose, what we are going to perform, we are going to create one socket to put this in
our software.
So let me put here.
I need supplies.
I need.
Socket.
And so it is going to automatically detect with an open socket, not only in its socket address and
platform, which is just like source itis.
So let me put here.
Source address idea.
Source 80 is equal to new socket.
And I want to mention here at this so source is outrageous if not zero zero so which is basically our
port.
So if you want to change this port, you can change.
So can put that here or in Haiti, which is basically common port.
Then our target is our new.
So I need to create one another software practice.
I need to operate this again with destination board.
With New.
No eye socket at this target slash hole dining.
So what our source you can consider, sources you can consider is our own source or you can give us
localhost 8080 5500 20, 25,000 which are very common polls people are using 88 is most common you can
check so source you can check it and target and time consuming.
So now we are done with this and Target is basically any performer I'm going to choose.
Now I need to perform this bind socket is I'm going to perform what socket it is so service and I'm
going to bind or I'm going to perform that socket.
Like in that electrical socket, you are not putting only the plug it connect it to the wire.
So in that whole wire I need to bind over my source actress.
So similarly I'm adding my source address, but you can check any source.
This here is not connect.
Destination.
I need to perform your destination with time out.
So I'm considering thousand seconds for our time.
If not connected, it will automatically put directly out of my thing.
If.
Connected in its need to frame some message.
So if connected is not.
It's.
It's connected.
If it's connected, it's is connected.
It's just brilliant thing.
If it's true, it's going to bring something so extreme dot, dot, print.
And what is going to print.
It's very interesting is I'm here when new date.
If you're familiar with this new date is nothing but date function.
Java is automatically copied.
As a ventricular net or.
Any to mention source and target everything.
So I need to do the space plus target.
I need to put here target, which is my target.
Then after this, I'm going to print my two slash, which is basically for.
All.
Plus, what I'm going to put here again is.
Whether it's connected or not.
If it's connected, it needs to print message connected.
Let's see what else.
Which is basically.
It's not.
It's disconnected.
It's going to print this similar dissimilarity message.
Disconnected.
Okay.
So now we are done with this.
And let me put here one more line system.
Dot, dot.
Didn't.
Debase is not exists.
Slash.
Not going to.
You get?
Basically if I'm having the exception if this.
So that's it.
We perform.
So now let me tell you how we are going to run.
So first thing, what I'm going to create, I created here one socket.
And this task is assigned to this time timer schedule with delay and we read everything but with source.
I'm going to mention which destination address and port I'm going to mention and you can check this.
So the checking part is very important here.
And let me tell you how we are going to perform this.
So you no need to execute directly in this way because our arguments is not shaped.
If you want to set arguments, you have to sit here as with these everything and you need to mention
that part.
But if you want to use command line interface, let me tell you how we are going to perform here.
Hope my seeing the command prompt is working.
Go to that directory, which is basically the source folder.
If you paint your java.
You can check.
This is my Java command.
So let me clear out this.
So I need to print this network monitor java so it will compile this part first.
So it will take time to compile everything.
Java.
So Java is for the compiling part.
If I printing this java now you need to use this java part.
Now what is remaining?
Things I needed here.
I needed here some old methods and I need to implement like our source is fixed but our target is not
fixed.
So I need to mention three targets here.
So 192.168.2 or one I'm considering here port is similar 8.8.8.8 which is basically Google with port
30.
So I'm mentioning this.
So this is my source.
So I don't know whether this address is not or these know why I'm getting by in exception, because
this address is not actually exist or which is not connected.
So I don't know whether this address is connected or not.
So for this purpose, I use this.
So let me move to the iPad and let me close this.
So let us check for one.
New here.
Using that moment from this.
So.
Let us check whether my own IP address or thing is connected or not.
You've got to see this.
Then again, these commands.
Java and I'm not considering here.
Okay.
One thing, I need to compile it again.
So remember, I need to compile it again.
Once it's compiled because I've changed a little bit.
So to compile it again, so it will take time to compile it.
Let me put here.
So this is my new IP address with new destination.
This is destination.
This is IP address.
And this 80.
80 is just basically for the connecting.
So currently on this date and this it's not live.
So let me close this first year here so.
What I'm going to perform here if I want you want to check your own IP, you can check.
But for the security purposes, I'm not considering here.
So I'm putting here when the random address.
And if you want to check whether this is connected to the network or not.
A 2021 date is basically Google IP.
You can take.
So I don't know whether this source, which is basically not my sauce.
So this is not also like you.
So you can check like this.
So it's similar like pink .8.8.8.8.
So you can check you are getting the reply from ping and everything.
So 8.8.8 just for Google Server.
So.
If you know the IP address of your target, target is basically the source.
You can check your part later.
So let me.
In this forum know one another IP and let me change this to a d board only.
But.
First you can check your own IP.
So I'm putting another random IP here and I'm going to check whether it's working or not.
Again.
Check your google TCP port or HTTP port also.
If you want to check.
Oh, let me consider that.
40.
So let me check whether it's working or not.
So this is one another random IP.
This is one Google IP.
And you can check whether this IP is live on this.
So, no, this IP is also not live.
So maybe there is error with this or this.
So this is very primary step, capturing the IP and performing this.
So in the next part, I'm going to tell you how we can work on different things here.
Hope you understand.
Thank you.